greetings this video will refer
specifically to the parts of a
electrical substation
it's a set of devices
electric that form a part of a
power electrical system where its
main function is production
conversion transformation regulation
distribution and distribution of energy
electric
parts of an electrical substation
Bards
switch transformer switch
voltage transformer current
capacitor lock coil
coupling disconnector line or cable
vargas is the area where it is received and
distribute the electric power either
of generators or stations
transformers the sources and charges are
they connect these bars each to
through a switch and disconnector
from there they are put or take out of service already
either for maintenance or for failure
short circuit
Disconnector protects a substation
of too high electric charges
are widely used in power plants
electric power transformation of
each city
It consists of the following tube parts of
Shooting
upper contact and lock assembly
silver coated contacts loaded
compression steel base strength
galvanized fuse unit insulators
standard type station
assembly with hinge and bottom contact
Classification of disconnectors by
the plane that the blades move
vertical horizontal by the distance of
sectioning by the provision
vertical or horizontal by the number of
columns of insulators that have
pole two columns three columns by the
relative position of the diagonal poles
parallel in single file
Classification of disconnectors
aerial selector for medium voltage
modular fuse selector
disconnector as a used in
distribution
disconnector blade
earthing selector on
earthing selector has
the function of grounding part of
a circuit is usually associated with
a main disconnector this
selector short an insulator
of support of the main selector
who is associated
manager device switch
disconnect a load or a part of the
electrical system both in conditions
of normal operation as in condition of
short the operation of a
Switch can be manual or powered
by the signal of a relay in charge of
monitor the correct operation of the
electrical system where it is connected
switch types of sf6 switch
Arc energy dissipates in the gas
cf6 switch in oil the energy of the
Arc is dissipated by breaking the molecules
of oil there are simple switches
with camera and with small volume of
oil
and current transformer the
current transformers have
a secondary current whose module is
practically proportional to the
primary current and which differs in phase
at an angle close to zero there are
Different construction forms for high
voltage for medium voltage of the pass type
bar or pass wire or coil 2
voltage transformer is a
transformer whose secondary in
normal conditions of use you have a
voltage whose module is practically
proportional to the primary tension and that
differs in phase at an angle close to
zero in high voltage is found
connected between phase and earth and only
build up voltages of 70 and 25 kv
in the primary
locking coil
the blocking coil also called
Wave trap is a device
intended to be installed in series in
a high voltage line its impedance
should be negligible at the frequency of
the network so as not to disturb the
transmission of energy but it must be
selectively elevated in any
usable frequency band for the
transmission by carrier wave the equipment
consists of a main inductor a
charger protection device and
tuning device
coupling capacitor has the
function of coupling the systems of
telecommunications in high frequency to
the high voltage overhead lines each
way they act as support for
communications the transformers of
capacitive voltage can meet the
voltage transformer functions and
of coupling capacitor for the
high frequencies that sustain the
communication
discharger the discharger is a device
intended to protect the material
electric surge
transients and limit the
duration and frequently the amplitude of
the subsequent current modernly
have been imposed the unloaders of
zinc oxide
line or cable the function of the lines
electrical is to transmit energy between
two points in technical form and
economically convenient essentially
the line must be formed by
drivers as is necessary
keep them away from the ground and
each other building supports
Towers is the solution to sustain them
by means of insulators the supports can
be metallic or concrete suitable for
support one or two triples
thanks for your attention